The Unofficial History of the Coffeehouse Merchant Association

	The CMA, or Coffeehouse Merchant Association, was established by a number of local, eager merchants that would frequent the “South Jale Coffeehouse”. Together, they stepped away from the small, splayed markets they were familiar with and entered the economy that ran many of the region’s coffeehouses. Every merchant brought in skills and capital in which to help the group, and soon contacts were made with crewed ships, caravan guards, clerks, accountants, as well as banks and other businesses. Once the infrastructure, funds, and time was organized the group finally established a charter to formally create the association. 
	The merchants delved into the coffee, tea, and tobacco market eagerly and very quickly. Soon, the fruit market—for dates and figs, mainly—was picked up, followed by written texts, games (sets of backgammon, chess boards, and decks of playing cards), even the candle and rug markets were explored soon enough. 
	The association quickly organized and structured itself into a proper organization of traders, with the spokesman of the association noted as chief executive. Other positions of note include the treasurer, in charge of debts, funds, and the association’s coffers; the chief officer, in charge of policing and regulating members of the association; the secretary, in charge of written texts, receits, contracts, and legal or business papers that the association has to keep track of; and lastly the position of the clerk, senior members of the association who are assistants to the executive, the treasurer, the officer, or the secretary.
	On the day of the Association’s official formation, the founding merchants drew up a charter that was to be magically bound to the group. They established the group’s purpose, attitudes, beliefs, ideals and bound the parchment that listed the information with the merchant’s own blood, mixed in with smoke, bone, and salt. The ‘offerings’ of the merchants are locked inside of a chest that is kept by the coffeehouse keeper, along with the legal charter and any amendments that are added to it. 


	
	ON TEA—tea was one of the staple goods that the CMA kept stock of religiously. Tea was as much of a precious commodity as it was apart of the culture of not just Jale but the entire Republic. Tea would normally be sold as bricks of tea, and many areas value the health of their community at least in part, to a degree, of the tea they have available. 
	In certain regions, tea bricks are even used as currency due to its importance to Fullaejah’s diet and culture. Tea bricks are sometimes given to strangers in need, to visitors and guests, as they leave one’s household. It is said that due to its versatility—being able to brew tea with it, to use it to make a porrige with rice, to using it with some flour to make cakes and bread,