	THE ETERNAL SONG – it is a single thread with patterns of noise and sound that was both a reflection and a manifestation of our physical reality.  Many beings have sought to change, add to, or remove from the eternal song, always with heavy costs—costs that surely are worth the potential power that results from modifying the eternal song.
	ADDING sound, noises, and structure to the song is the natural result of movement and existence—the actions of every being and object make their own noise in the universe, and the determinance of them is as much of a result of the song as it is due to their actual movement. In essence, the song serves as a reflection of reality that, when interacted with, also serves as a medium of interacting with reality itself. Adding noises to the eternal song helps influence and change the reality that we perceive and struggle inside of.
	On the opposite end, mechanically, is the act of trying to remove noise and sounds—a much less passive process and more of a very exhausting, active struggle. It is in reality’s nature to move as much as it is in reality’s nature to cease moving. Since movement is associated in the present and future in the eternal song, it is the decay of matter and energy that is associated mainly with the past (and sometimes the present). This association with the past is what the relationship is like between the eternal song and destroying noise—it may only realistically affect what is or was already there, be it a melody or rhythm or cyclical jerking movement that has already happened. 
	The eternal song itself seems more suited to be a linear, strictly forward moving progress and as such there is less resistance and difficulty in changing the present and future instead of the past due to its seemingly linear, timely progression. The song is a process that has been, and is, but it is not necessarily always a given in the future, because it does seem to have a beginning.
THE BEGINNING of the eternal song coincides with the creation of OUR universe, according to the prominent song-scholars, musicologists, and master bards in our Grand Central Republic. It is unknown what caused everything to suddenly ‘be’, or why that coincides with the beginnings of the eternal song, but the only thing that is almost for certain is the fact that there exists an interactive relationship between the two. The song’s earliest moments that can be traced due to modern day technomancy can be described as a roaring, monotone drone that began to get quieter yet more complex as time went on. It is theorized that once the song is at its quietest, that the universe as we know it should end as well.
	ALTHOUGH the Grand Central Republic (along with its abilty and potential) is still a recent achievement of our people after a long history of strife, the knowledge of the eternal song itself has been known to humans for quite a while now. Many of the archaic peoples and empires that you find in historical texts and scripts today had their own forms of cults and religions that perceived and theorized about what is now known as the “eternal song”. We have chosen to not simply acknowledge it or be curious about it—the Grand Central Republic’s people have been obsessed with discovering what the song is, why and how it works, and what it interacts with and how. 

	Part of the ‘research’ about the eternal song has been formal, and as an aside I must personally step aside to praise the treasures that are the academies and schools that we have established as a central core aspect of our society. Part of it has been informal, a result of a rich history of bards, poets, and writers that spands before and during the life of the Republic—people that have a gifted ability of being able to examine and describe the reality of a situation, and of existence. 

MYSTIC CONTRACT—is the formal term for magic that revolves around contracts, agreements, deals, and promises. 

RHYTHMIC DIVINATION—is the formal term for magic that revolves around divination, particularly through fetishes, or charms (dice, cards, bottles, etc). 

CULTURE: FOOD, DRINK, SOCIAL—here in the grand Republic, we are accustomed to a specific series of customs that cover things such as diets, to dining and hospitality customs, to public relations between different individuals. Because